Modifications for both Nova and Local platesolving (#4)
SudoWatson/PhotoPolarAlign: README.md

</details>

<details>

> <summary>Local Platesolving</summary>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<summary>Local Plate Solving</summary>
```

> Platesolving in local mode runs much faster as in Nova (online) and does not require any internet connection.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Plate solving in local mode runs much faster than Nova (online) and does not require any internet connection.
```

> - Linux (Debian family)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>Linux/MacOS</summary>
```
Want these to be drop downs so people only see the information they need (if looking on a markdown viewer like the GitHub page)

> 1) Download astrometry.net:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Astrometry.net provides a downloadable software for doing plate solving for Linux and MacOS systems, as well as potentially Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).

1) Download astrometry.net: `apt install astrometry.net`
```

> 
> $ sudo apt update
> 
> $ sudo apt install astrometry.net
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> The installation will create the file 'astrometry.cfg' in the /etc directory

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation will create the config file `astrometry.cfg` in the /etc directory
```

> 2) Download the index files needed for platesolving. 
> These files (taken from 4100 and 4200-series only) will have to be downloaded separately from https://data.astrometry.net/ , by choosing them according to the width in degrees of the celestial field taken by your camera as explained here:
> 
> https://astrometrynet.readthedocs.io/en/latest/readme.html 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2) Download the index files for the size of images you will be taking from https://data.astrometry.net/ 
These files contain landmarks of celestial objects to determine where your photo is in the sky. The index files are specific to the FOV your images cover in the sky. Smaller FOVs will need more landmarks and thus larger file sizes. Use this website to determine what files you will want:  https://astrometrynet.readthedocs.io/en/latest/readme.html
```

> 3) Copy the index files to the directory: /usr/share/astrometry

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3) Move the index files to the directory: `/usr/share/astrometry`
```

4) Launch PPA.py

> 5) Open Photo Polar Align ‘Setting’  window

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5) Open Photo Polar Align ‘Setting’ window
```

> 6) Put the followed data in ‘Local Solver Configuration’:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6) Put the followed settings in ‘Local Solver Configuration’:
```

shell:   /bin / bash --login -c “%%s”

scale:  commonly 1 or 2  (do some test)

configfile:   /etc/astrometry.cfg 

scale_units:   arcsec/pix 

scale_low and scale_down,  which define the lower and upper limits of the arcsec/pix value and allow you to reduce any platesolver measurement errors (you can get arcsec/pix value for your specific photographic setup reading it in Nova solving output)

> 'extra': you can put in some parameters-usually unnecessary and rarely useful-can be given to speed up the platesolving process.

Reviewer: What do these settings each do? Are they settings that Photo Polar Align uses, or does PPA just pass these settings on to something else that uses them?

7) Click 'Ok': the PPA.ini file will be saved in the PhotoPolarAlign directory.

> ---

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</details>
```

> - Windows 10 & 11

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<details>
<summary>Windows</summary>
```

1) Install the ASPS software from: https://www.astrogb.com/astrogb/All_Sky_Plate_Solver.html
It will create  its ~/astrometry/data directory where, through a specific function, it will allow to select the necessary index files and downloading these from the Internet.

2) the configfile is 'backend.cfg'

3) same as in Linux 4)

> 4) same as in Linux 5)

Reviewer: Don't want people to have to look at the Linux steps to do the Windows setup. Just copy and paste the instructions here

5) Put the followed data in ‘Local Solver Configuration’:

>    shell:  C:/Users/<user>/AppData/Local/Astrometry/bin/bash --login -c "%%s 

Reviewer: Is there supposed to be only 1 quotation mark?

   scale:  commonly 1 or 2  (do some test)

>    configfile:  /etc/astrometry/backend.cfg … follow as in Linux

Reviewer: Shouldn't this be a Windows based path?

   scale_units:  as in Linux

>    scale_low and scale_down: as in Linux

Reviewer: Same as above

>    extra:  put the parameter "-p" to avoid the warning: "FITSFixedWarning: The WCS transformation has more axes (2) than the image it is associated with (0) [astropy.wcs.wcs]"

Reviewer: Is `-p` being passed to the ASPS software? What does `-p` do that prevents this warning?

           related to output: "solve-field.c:327:plot_source_overlay Plotting command failed"
           Windows doesn't have "plotxy" function (it is Linux environment only.
           In any case, that function is not necessary for PhotoPolarAlign to do its job.

> 7) same as in Linux

Reviewer: Same as above

> </details>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
</details>
</details>
```

  - Solve it using the same plate solving method.
  - Click **"Show Improvement"** to see the new error.
  - Repeat this step until your error is small enough (usually under 5 minutes error is perfectly good)

> ---
> To perform platesolving in local mode - after running the PPA.py script, you will need to do all the steps mentioned for online usage, with the only difference being that you will have to click the 'Local' buttons instead of 'Nova' ones.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

This usage section isn't specific to the Nova method and mentions using the "local" buttons
